Prompt #1: What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need
to do it?
Answer: 
When I initialize a repository, Git creats a .git folder within the
current diretory. Within that are numerous supporting files. This action
does NOT create a commit. It will organize and tracks future changes to
the versions of my actual project files.

Prompt #2: How is the staging area different from the working directory
and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
Answer:
The staging area is a directory created IN the .git directory 
within the working directory. It is a temporary staging area, for files
prior to committment to the repository. I assume that once the files 
"added" to the staging area are "committed" to the repository, they then
no longer occupy the staging area.

Prompt #3: How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one 
commit per logical change?
Answer:
I should strive to commit once per change. Using 'diff' evaluation
against the staging area is a way to easily verify whether I did so if
I ever have any doubt.

Prompt #4: What are some situations when branches would be helpful in 
keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Answer:
I should use branches whenever I take the project in a new direction that 
may have major functional or logical departures from the original program.
This will permit me to explore new possibilities without screwing up a 
good thing.

Prompt #5: How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Answer:
Diagrams visually illustrate the structure. Relationships and other 
insights might be more readily made by viewing the structure in this
way than by manually hashing out structure characteristics from the 
terminal.

Prompt #6: What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do
we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
Answer:
Merging combines the changes/commits of the "merged" branch onto
the current working branch. It is important to be attentitive to which is
your current branch before executing this. The diagram is just a helpful 
way to view things, that would also be easy to show to people who perhaps 
hadn't worked on the project yet.

Prompt #7: What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs.
always doing merges manually?
Answer: It would be magical if Git knew how and where to merge parallel
and possibly overlapping production, but id does not. The process of 
manually reoslving conflicts may take a little time, but is worth the 
effort as the thinking and communication that will take place will 
probably improve the final product.

